Bluetooth: Mesh: Docs: add info about trusted storage (#21398)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/security/trusted_storage.rst

External storage is not supported by the trusted storage library by default.
To add support for external storage, implement a custom storage backend.

Data handling contexts
======================

The trusted storage library handles sensitive data in the following two contexts:

* Volatile - Before data is forwarded to the non-volatile storage and after it is retrieved from the non-volatile storage.
* Non-volatile - When data is written to the non-volatile memory in encrypted form.

> In the case of the volatile context, the :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` library leverages the Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) encryption backend (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD`).

Reviewer: No need for this `ref`?

It is used to encrypt and decrypt the assets that are securely stored in the non-volatile memory with authentication.

> You can configure AEAD with the set of Kconfig options described in the library's :ref:`trusted_storage_configuration` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure AEAD with the set of Kconfig options described in the :ref:`trusted_storage_configuration` section.
```

    For more information about how to do this, see :ref:`zephyr:file_system_api`.
    Also, see the Mounting the Storage system section of the :ref:`ZMS documentation <zephyr:zms_api>`.

> Currrently, the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is supported on nRF52840, nRF5340, and nRF54L devices (note that more may be supported in the future), but for most samples in the |NCS|, it is only enabled for the nRF5340 and nRF54L devices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is supported on nRF52840, nRF5340, and nRF54L devices (more may be supported in the future), but for most samples in the |NCS|, it is only enabled for the nRF5340 and nRF54L devices:
```

> Currrently, the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is supported for nRF52840, nRF5340, and nRF54L platforms (note that more platforms may support the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library in the future), but for most samples in the |NCS|, it is only enabled for the nRF5340 devices and nRF54L platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currrently, the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is supported on nRF52840, nRF5340, and nRF54L devices (note that more may be supported in the future), but for most samples in the |NCS|, it is only enabled for the nRF5340 and nRF54L devices:
```
Also wondering if it's already supported on the nRF91? @frkv

> * For the nRF5340 platform, the HUK is generated at first boot and stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU).

Reviewer: Using the word platform to designate devices feels a bit wrong?

Author: yeah it does, but who am I to argue the old phrasing of this :) ... will change `platform`s into `device`s?

Reviewer: :) Yeah, it would make sense to me. But also feel free to leave that out, don't want to overwhelm you with too much.

  No changes to the existing partition layout are needed for products in the field.

> * For nRF54L15 NS devices, the HUK generation and management is handled by Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For nRF54L15 devices using TF-M, the HUK generation and management is handled by TF-M.
```
I think we'll need to rework this documentation anyway but let's get away with this for now. :slightly_smiling_face:

  You can use the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library with the nRF52840 SoC, but it requires employing the :ref:`bootloader` that would generate the AEAD key at first boot and store it in the dedicated HUK partition that can be accessed only by the CryptoCell peripheral.

  .. note::

>     Modifying the partition layout, such as adding another partition in the FLASH layout, will break the firmware backward compatibility in already deployed devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Modifying the partition layout, such as adding another partition in the FLASH layout, will break the firmware backward compatibility in already deployed devices.
```

> * Devices that do not have TrustZone separation (for example nRF52840) use hardware unique keys to reach level 1 PSA certification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Devices that do not have TrustZone separation (for example, nRF52840) use hardware unique keys to reach level 1 PSA certification.
```

  .. note::

>     Any nRF52 Series devices that do not use NSIB need to use for example UID hashing for key derivation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Any nRF52 Series devices that do not use NSIB need to use for example UID hashing for key derivation.
```
